# Introduction to Logical Operators

In the next concepts, you will be learning about **Logical Operators**. **Logical Operators** include:

1. **LIKEs**
This allows you to perform operations similar to using **WHERE** and `=`, but for cases when you might **not** know **exactly** what you are looking for.

2. **IN**
This allows you to perform operations similar to using **WHERE** and `=`, but for more than one condition.

3. **NOT**:
This is used with **IN** and **LIKE** to select all of the rows **NOT LIKE** or **NOT IN** a certain condition.

4. **AND & BETWEEN**
These allow you to combine operations where all combined conditions must be true.

5. **OR**
This allow you to combine operations where at least one of the combined conditions must be true.

## Between

When you use the BETWEEN operator in SQL, do the results include the values of your endpoints, or not? Figure out the answer to this important question by writing a query that displays the order date and gloss_qty data for all orders where gloss_qty is between 24 and 29. Then look at your output to see if the BETWEEN operator included the begin and end values or not.

``` SQL
SELECT occurred_at, gloss_qty 
FROM orders
WHERE gloss_qty BETWEEN 24 AND 29;
```

_**You should notice that there are a number of rows in the output of this query where the gloss_qty values are 24 or 29. So the answer to the question is that yes, the BETWEEN operator in SQL is inclusive; that is, the endpoint values are included. So the BETWEEN statement in this query is equivalent to having written "WHERE gloss_qty >= 24 AND gloss_qty <= 29."**_

You will notice that using BETWEEN is tricky for dates! While BETWEEN is generally inclusive of endpoints, it assumes the time is at 00:00:00 (i.e. midnight) for dates. This is the reason why we set the right-side endpoint of the period at '2017-01-01'.

``` SQL
SELECT *
FROM web_events
WHERE channel IN ('organic', 'adwords') AND occurred_at BETWEEN '2016-01-01' AND '2017-01-01'
ORDER BY occurred_at DESC;
```
